in that day the Lord with his severe
sword great and strong will punish
Leviathan the fleeing serpent Leviathan
that twisted serpent and he will slay
the reptile that is in the sea in that
day sing to her a vineyard of red wine I
the Lord keep it I water it every moment
lest any hurt it I keep it night and day
fury is not in me who would set briars
and thorns against me in battle I would
go through them I would burn them
together or let him take hold of my
strength that he may make peace with me
and he shall make peace with me those
who come he shall cause to take root in
Jacob Israel shall blossom and bud and
fill the face of the world with fruit as
he struck Israel as he struck those who
struck him or has he been slain
according to the slaughter of those who
were slain by him in measure by sending
it away you contended with it he removes
it by his rough wind in the day of the
east wind therefore by this the iniquity
of Jacob will be covered and this is all
the fruit of taking away his sin when he
makes all the stones of the altar like
chalk stones that are beaten to dust
wooden images and incense altars shall
not stand yet the fortified city will be
desolate the habitation Forsaken and
left like a wilderness there the calf
will feed and there it will lie down and
consume its branches when its boughs are
withered they will be broken off the
women come and set them on fire for it
is a people of no understanding
therefore he who made them will not have
mercy on them and he who formed them
will show them no favor and it shall
come to pass in that day that the Lord
will threat
from the channel of the river to the
brook of Egypt and you will be gathered
one by one o you children of Israel so
it shall be in that day the great
trumpet will be blown they will come who
were about to perish in the land of
Assyria and they who are outcasts in the
land of Egypt and shall worship the Lord
in the holy mount at Jerusalem